Add guidance on editing asset definitions (#1538)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.10/guides/install-check-executables-with-assets.md

  - entity.system.arch == 'amd64'
{{< /highlight >}}

After downloading an asset definition, open the file and adjust the `namespace` and `filters` for your Sensu instance.

> Filters for _check_ assets should match entity environments, while filters for _handler and filter_ assets should match your Sensu backend environment.

Author: ```suggestion
Filters for _check_ assets should match entity platforms, while filters for _handler and filter_ assets should match your Sensu backend platform.
```

> If the provided filters are too restrictive for your environment, replace `os` and `arch` with any supported [entity system attributes][4] (for example: `entity.system.platform_family == 'rhel'`).

Author: ```suggestion
If the provided filters are too restrictive for your platform, replace `os` and `arch` with any supported [entity system attributes][4] (for example: `entity.system.platform_family == 'rhel'`).
```
